---
layout: post
title: Week of 31 Jan 2016
---

These question prompts remind me an awful lot of [agile development](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agile_software_development)... When I was at Amazon last summer, we had similar prompts during daily stand ups. It is a great way to organize and communicate the work being done.

This week I started getting up to speed on the normal semester grind. This included starting the Collatz project, which has turned out to be quite troublesome. I also began office hours and discussion in 439. The challenge of helping students through that difficult course is once again real. My other two CS classes, iOS and Security, are looking to be interesting so far.

Standing in my way is the phantom bad input on Sphere. It is keeping me from finishing the first project and really annoying the hell out of me. I suspect the problem to be in some form of empty line, but have not had time to investigate further. 

In this upcoming week I will turn in the first project, like it or not. Hopefully I can get around Sphere's test case(s). I have some length Security homework to finish and some readings to catch up on. I also need to refresh on some 439 material related to Project 0.

**Tip of the Week:** Learn to read documentation early.  I was reminded about this when we preached learning to use the man pages in discussion. The ability to read and decipher information from documentation is crucial to real world development success. Googling something often produces suitable answers, but not in all cases...

----
**** 