---
layout: post
title: Week of 08 May 2016
---

**1. What did you do this past week?**
Suffered (and still suffering) through one of the worst weeks of my undergraduate life. Turned in the final release for our iOS app, gave the presentation for that app, took the final exam in Security, took the final exam in HoR, and studied my ass off for this class only to get destroyed when taking Exam 2. During my time as a college student, I've never had to jump directly from one exam into another one, and I hope to never suffer anything like that again. I need a little time to decompress and let the adrenaline and cortisol levels go back to normal. Especially in the case of Exam 2, which was an awfully stressful experience.

**2. What's in your way?**
I cannot focus on anything in anticipation of my final grade in this class. I am terrified of how I performed on that exam, and what it's going to do to my grade. I'll be devastated if one day ruins all the hard work I've done over the semester. 

**3. What will you do next week?**
I have a TON of grading to do for 439, which will eat all of my time. We also have to administer and grade the final. Once that is out of the way, I will start interview preparation and getting ready to travel for my internship -- if my world doesn't fall apart when grades are released. The anticipation might take years off my life...

**Thoughts on the course, so far...**
I was completely content with the course, until that exam. I feel that it was unfairly long given the short amount of time we had. If I did not have to think about the answers at all or very little, I would have had just enough time to finish. You can't copy/paste in the canvas form without messing up the formatting and tab does not work, which slows you down even further. I wish I had not indented at all, in order to save time. I don't feel like it won't be anything close to an accurate assessment of how much I have learned and can utilize the material. I was very prepared and this class has been my main focus over the semester, so I feel a bit cheated that I could not display that in my performance. I can only hope that the buffer I've built up will hold and that the graders have mercy.

**Tip of the Week:**
My confidence is shattered right now, so I don't feel qualified to be giving out any tips. Seek out someone who knows stuff and learn everything you can from them.

----
**** 
