---
layout: post
title: Week of 28 Mar 2016
---

**1. What did you do this past week?**
This week was the most stressful I've had all semester. Due to my unwavering lack of motivation during Spring Break, I was deep in the weeds at the start of the week. The first half was spent frantically finishing the Alpha version of our iOS app and then Wednesday and Thrusday saw a crunch to finish the Allocator project. Thankfully, both projects were 100% finished and I feel pretty good about them. I then finished the last iOS HW due this week and can comfortably focus on other things.  

**2. What's in your way?**
I'm currently blocked on how to accomplish certain features in our iOS app. I will have to spend some time researching to figure out how to interact with a backend and do some other stuff. I think I'm going to try out Firebase and Heroku to see which I like more and which is easier to use.  

**3. What will you do next week?**
This week will be spent finishing a security project and starting the Darwin project. I also need to find a new partner and make progress on the iOS app.

**Thoughts on the course, so far...**
So far, still so good. I enjoyed the Allocator project, most liekly because I like systems related stuff and it seemed very straightforward. Coincidentally, we covered garbage collection in 439, so there was a little crossover. 

**Tip of the Week:** 
Sort of unrelated to development, but stay ahead. This mostly applies to school work, but can be translated to work and other areas. The best way to not fall behind and put yourself in the shit is to stay ahead. Start and get things done early and do not procrastinate. Also, be smart about what you promise to deliver and do not overcommit. Don't be unrealistic and promise to deliver features or a product that is beyond your skillset.

----
**** 
