---
layout: post
title: Week of 14 Mar 2016
---

**1. What did you do this past week?**
This past week focused on the Security exam and project. It was the final push to Spring Break, where I can hopefully get some R&R. Unfortunately, I've been somewhat disabled by the bastard Shingles virus. I am dealing with a lot of constant pain, which makes concentrating on schoolwork difficult. 

**2. What's in your way?**
My main blocker is this illness. I can't focus on anything without the help of ibuprofin. Hopefully it does not affect my performance the rest of the semester.

**3. What will you do next week?**
This week will be spent hanging at my Mom's house in Dallas. I will work on the OOP project and hopefully get some things done on the iOS project, which has seen very little work done. It looks like it won't get done if I don't do it, even though its a group project.

**Thoughts on the course, so far...**
Test scores came out this week, and my results were pretty good. I made some dumb mistakes as usual, but c'est la vie. I'm sitting pretty comfortably, barring some disaster. 

**Tip of the Week:** 
Do you like Stack Overflow? It's really easy to Google something, click on the first Stack Overflow link, and accept the highest rated response as an acccpetable answer. This can lead to wrong answers or misleading answers a lot of the time. You have to take everything you read on any public forum with a grain of salt. There are some brillant people out there, but there are some duds too.

----
**** 
