---
layout: post
title: Week of 7 Feb 2016
---

This week I was able to conquer Sphere mystery acceptance tests. I'm not sure if it was worth the extra credit, beacuse I spent a lot of hours flying blind since Sphere does not give any iota of hints for when the tests fail. It was a very frustrating experience! Imagine developing in this environment all the time -- nightmare I tell you. Hopefully I was able to follow the stringent requirements for the rest of the project turnin steps. I hate to lose points over silly mistakes.

I don't have any blockers at the moment.

This week I will be starting Project 2 (1 if we start counting from zero, as we should) and not much else. Since I have some free time, I intend to help the 439 students a little more and begin interview preperation for this Fall. After the summer is over, I will be fishing for the best full time oppportunity that satisfies my wants and needs. There are some things to do in my other classes, but not anything substantial.

I very much agree with Professor Downing's reasoning behind making the project requirements as strict and precise as they are. As I told the students in discussion last week, you are expected to follow instructions/protocol in the workplace and you **will** be punished if you fail to do so. Ultimately, this means losing your job. Here at school it the deduction of points -- a far less devastating result.

**Tip of the Week:** For perfectionists like myself, I would suggest taking a step back from work/development and doing something fun. It's important to recharge the batteries of your soul every once in a while. This allows you a fresh perspective on your professional and personal goals. It's a tip that can be applied to any career, not just software development.

----
**** 