---
layout: post
title: Week of 01 May 2016
---

**1. What did you do this past week?**
This past week was spent wrapping up the last security project and hopefully the iOS semester project. Looking back on it, I don't remember doing a whole lot during the week, but I know that I stayed busy. I held the last 439 discussion of the semester, which truly marks the end growing closer. We had our last quiz in this class, which is good and bad. It's good because I no longer have to go through the adrenaline surge in trying to answer tricky questions in a short amount of time, but it's also bad because I failed to accumlate enough perfect scores to replace quizzes I messed up on. It's all good, I'll wind up with a decent quiz score overall.

**2. What's in your way?**
I don't have any blockers currently, but there are four hurdles for me to jump this week, which are blocking me from Summer!

**3. What will you do next week?**
Deliver the iOS Final release and take three exams. The focus will be on the exam for this class, as it is the only one that will be a challenge and have the most impact on my final grade.

**Thoughts on the course, so far...**
As we reach close the end here, I can't say I have any complaints about the course, which is not often the case. I'm a little concerned about what could be on the last exam, as Downing has not mentioned anything in lecture. For the first exam he was pretty clear on what we should know, and it paid off for me. Hopefully he'll mention some stuff tomorrow. 

**Tip of the Week:**
The well has run pretty dry here. In light of how much I've enjoyed the readings in this class, I will suggest that you read as much about your craft as you can. The internet is chocked full of resources and articles that benefit us as Developers, and you should always be hungry for knowledge in whatever craft you choose. I know that I will find myself poking around the blogs that Downing has posted articles from in search of other tidbits of knowledge, as well as the rest of the Interwebz.

----
**** 
