---
layout: post
title: Week of 24 Apr 2016
---

**1. What did you do this past week?**
This week I put a bow on the Life project and started/finished the last security project. Other than that, not alot. Thankfully, this is the part of the semester where things start to wind down, and there are less hurdles to jump. I've started thinking about how to implement the last pieces of our iOS project. Also, registration was this week and I can't express how stress free it was. Finally, some perks of being an upperclassman, but it will be the last time I select classes :( (Grad school might be an option someday).

**2. What's in your way?**
Currently no blockers.

**3. What will you do next week?**
This week will be spent hopefully finishing the iOS project, so that I can focus on studying for the OOP test and the other two tests I have the last week of classes. It's nice to not have tests during finals week, but I would prefer some distance between them. The real focus will be doing well on the OOP tests, as the other two classes are pretty well wrapped up.

**Thoughts on the course, so far...**
These last two projects have good exercises in re-learning how to live without the crutch of getters and setters. I never thought about (or was taught) how poor of a design is with them. Maintainability is paramount when it comes to building real world code. Those crappy school projects are not likely going to be touched or seen again, whereas code you get paid to write will most likely need to be maintained and read by someone other than yourself. It will also likely be broken by someone either purposefully or not... Let me also say that I have thoroughly enjoyed and learned a lot from the readings over the semester. They have been one of my favorite parts of the course.

**Tip of the Week:**
See above paragraph regarding maintainability. I'm really running out of things here...

----
**** 
